Update README.md (#5564)
Laravel-Backpack/CRUD: README.md

- [Reorder](https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/crud-operation-reorder) operation
- [Revise](https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/crud-operation-revisions) operation (aka. audit log)

> But professionals love the Backpack not only because it is multifunctional. They also love it because it's **ridiculously easy to override a functionality**. Generally, you just need to create a function (or blade file) with the right name. Yes, it can be _that_ easy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But professionals love it not only because it is feature-packed. They also love it because it's **ridiculously easy to override a functionality**. Generally, you just need to create a function (or blade file) with the right name. Yes, it can be _that_ easy.
```
